# FiatMoneyToken

# This project was generated by Oracle Blockchain App Builder

This application constitutes a custom chaincode service for use within
[Oracle Blockchain Platform] (https://www.oracle.com/blockchain/)

# Working with the FiatMoneyToken Specification File

A typical workflow, starting with the sample token specification file, is shown in the following steps.
1.	Scaffold the token chaincode project from the FiatMoneyToken.yml specification file.
2.	**Deploy the scaffolded chaincode using Blockchain App Builder**: When you instantiate the token chaincode, pass the org_id and user_id of the token admin user. The org_id value is the organization ID or the membership service provider (MSP) ID of the token user. The user_id value is the username or email address of the token user; for example, the Oracle Identity Cloud Service user ID. Token admin users can initialize tokens, create accounts, and add roles to users. Any token admin user can also add or remove other users as token admin users.
3.	Set up accounts and roles to use to test the token chaincode.
a.	Log in as the user who is the token admin.
b.	Call the InitializeFiatMoneyTOKToken method to initialize a new token with the behaviors that are specified in the specification file.
c.	Use the CreateAccount method to create two accounts for token transactions. When you create an account, you specify the token_id, org_id, and user_id values. 
d.	Call the AddRole method to assign the minter role to the first user. In this scenario, only the first user can mint tokens.
4.	Test the token chaincode by minting and transferring tokens.
a.	Log in as the user with the minter role (the first user).
b.	Call the IssueTokens method to mint tokens to the first user's account. The amount of tokens that you can mint must be less than or equal to the max_mint_quantity value that is specified in the FiatMoneyToken.yml file.
c.	Call the TransferTokens method to transfer tokens from the first user to the second user.
d.	Call the GetAccountBalance method and check the result to see the new balance of the first user's account.
e.	Call the GetAccountTransactionHistory method and check the result to see the transaction history of the first user's account.
5.	Test the token chaincode by burning tokens.
a.	Log in as the second user, who has no roles assigned.
b.	Call the BurnTokens method to burn tokens in the second user's account. Because the burner role is not specified in the specification file, both the first user and the second user can burn tokens in their own accounts.
c.	Call the GetAccountBalance method and check the result to see the new balance of the second user's account.
d.	Call the GetAccountTransactionHistory method and check the result to see the transaction history of the second user's account.

**Instructions to import the Postman collection file and execute requests**:
- Import the collection file “Fiat Money Token.postman_collection" in Postman (version-8.5.1 or later).
- Click the "Fiat Money Token" collection name.
- Go to the variables tab under the Fiat Money Token" collection.
- Update and save the variable values.
- Execute the requests according to the sequence mentioned in the collection file.

**Note**:
- To execute the ready-to-use sample chaincodes (which are placed under the FiatMoneyToken folder), complete the following steps: 
1. If you're working with the Go programming language, copy the extracted FiatMoneyToken folder to the following location: `$GOPATH\src\example.com\FiatMoneyToken`
2. Update the value of the "configFileLocation" key in the .ochain.json file in the FiatMoneyToken folder to any valid specification file on your system.
- This chaincode has be created with Multi-version concurrency control (MVCC) optimization
